welcome to fifth primer School in
Limassol Cyprus
calluses modesta Scalia be nights we did
las cuales bienvenidos and West escuela
the proposal was immersion school to
gradually finish a two TV star was born
October my gosh catfish Kalama Miss Edna
swollen tone has Calvinism Karuma
publish a British code welcome to our
school here we have a different view of
the world as multiculturalism among our
students and bodies an orientation
towards the future the essence of
multiculturalism they are degrading
concept of multicultural education is
the ability we have to celebrate with
the other in a manner that transcends
all barriers and brings about a unity in
diversity
how do we go about learning which is our
learning vision learning can be
associated with different kinds of
knowledge and approaches that culminate
in constructive understanding learners
need to be in control of their learning
and be part of an evolving curriculum
increasing the degree of active
participation and processing of
information by the learners the adoption
of innovative and modern school models
has proved to inspire staff and students
to passionate teaching and learning
excitement is on energized teachers
excite students and raise achievement
has been the school's motto for the past
years
the success of a team depends on its
ability to flexibly work with one
another as teaching and learning can be
an evolutionary achievement furthermore
seeing as you the communication network
of school units developed this year has
been the highlight of innovative
processes as leaders teachers and
learners of five school units
collaborated in every way possible
optimizing operation and human capital
has been the school's short and
long-term goal adopting 21st century
learning techniques using research
inspired learning principles project
based learning and best-in-class
technology
networking has served to transform the
school into an exemplar in successful
learning community technology
integration has been the means by which
learner's access knowledge resources
communicate and articulate knowledge to
suit any preferred learning strategy or
individual learning style
facing daily a wide spectrum of
challenges we maximize opportunities to
look outside the school for innovative
solutions and experiences as realized
through our meet our city program
quoting Sima popper here at 5th primary
school we learn better by doing but we
learn better still we combine our doing
the talking and thinking about what we
have done
you